BOUNDARYCI - PROJECT AND BUSINESS OVERVIEW FOR DAVID
====================================================

THE SHORT VERSION
-----------------

BoundaryCI is a security product for software-as-a-service (SaaS) companies.
It helps prevent one customer from accidentally gaining access to another
customer's data.

For example, imagine an invoicing application used by 500 companies. Every
company's invoices may be stored in the same database, separated by an
organization ID and database access policies. One incorrect policy could let a
user from Company A read Company B's invoices. BoundaryCI examines those
policies before the code reaches production and warns the development team.


WHY THIS PROBLEM MATTERS
------------------------

Most SaaS products are multi-tenant: many customers share the same application
and database infrastructure. The application must enforce an invisible boundary
around every customer's data.

That boundary is easy to get wrong, especially when founders are shipping
quickly, developers are using AI-generated code, and teams are relying on
Supabase or PostgreSQL row-level security. A small authorization error can turn
into a serious data breach, lost customers, compliance trouble, and reputational
damage.

BoundaryCI turns that risk into an automated check that can run on every code
change.


WHAT THE PRODUCT DOES TODAY
---------------------------

BoundaryCI is currently an open-source command-line tool and GitHub Action. It:

1. Finds SQL migration files in Supabase and PostgreSQL projects.
2. Reconstructs the final database security state after all migrations run.
3. Detects dangerous conditions such as missing row-level security, policies
   that grant every signed-in user access, and unsafe privileged functions.
4. Can optionally send redacted migration text to a Fireworks AI model to find
   more subtle authorization mistakes that fixed rules may miss.
5. Produces findings with severity, evidence, file location, and a suggested
   fix.
6. Can fail a pull request so a dangerous migration cannot be merged silently.
7. Supports baselines and time-limited waivers so an existing company can adopt
   it without fixing every historical issue on day one.

The normal local scan does not need database credentials. Its deterministic
checks do not send source code over the internet. The optional Fireworks review
is clearly separated and uses the customer's Fireworks account and settings.


HOW PEOPLE CAN USE IT
---------------------

The package is publicly available through npm:

    npx boundaryci scan .

It is also listed in the GitHub Marketplace, where a SaaS team can add it to a
repository as an automatic security check.

Project links:

GitHub:      https://github.com/sir-gig/boundaryci
npm:         https://www.npmjs.com/package/boundaryci
Marketplace: https://github.com/marketplace/actions/boundaryci-tenant-isolation-scan

Version 0.2.0 adds the first BoundaryCI Cloud product foundation. The project has automated tests, release automation,
npm supply-chain provenance, documentation, legal terms, privacy information,
and a support process.


WHAT IT DOES NOT DO YET
-----------------------

The current version is a migration scanner, not a complete penetration-testing
platform. It does not yet connect to a test database, create two synthetic
customers, and actively attempt cross-customer attacks.

That active two-tenant attack runner is the strongest next product milestone.
It would prove whether Customer A can actually read, change, or delete Customer
B's records rather than only inspecting the SQL policies.


HOW DOES IT MAKE MONEY?
-----------------------

The honest answer is that the current open-source package does not make money
by itself. It is the free entry point that creates distribution, demonstrates
expertise, earns trust, and brings SaaS teams into a future paid product.

The business should keep the local scanner useful and free. Companies would pay
for BoundaryCI Cloud, the shared operational and testing layer around it.

Paid capabilities could include:

* A GitHub App that installs BoundaryCI across every repository in a company.
* A central dashboard showing risks, trends, ownership, and remediation status.
* Active two-tenant attack tests against safe preview or staging environments.
* Organization-wide security rules, approved exceptions, and expiring waivers.
* Historical reports and downloadable evidence for customer security reviews.
* Slack, Microsoft Teams, Jira, and incident-management integrations.
* Managed Fireworks AI reviews without every developer configuring an API key.
* Role-based access, SSO, audit logs, private networking, and priority support.

In other words, the free product answers, "Is this one code change obviously
unsafe?" The paid product answers, "Are all of our products continuously
protecting every customer's data, who owns each risk, and can we prove it?"


POSSIBLE PRICING
----------------

Pricing should be tested with real customers rather than treated as final. A
reasonable starting structure would be:

Free / Open Source
    Local CLI, deterministic rules, GitHub Action, and bring-your-own Fireworks
    key. This drives adoption.

Team - approximately $99 per month
    Several repositories, hosted dashboard, managed policy, history, alerts,
    and a monthly allowance of managed AI reviews.

Growth - approximately $299 to $499 per month
    More repositories, active tenant tests, audit evidence, integrations,
    longer history, and higher usage limits.

Enterprise - custom annual contract
    SSO, RBAC, audit logs, private runners or networking, compliance support,
    service guarantees, and priority assistance.

Usage-based charges could cover unusually large numbers of active tests or AI
reviews, but the primary price should be based on business value and company
size, not small token markups.

At $99 per month, 100 Team customers would produce $9,900 in monthly recurring
revenue. A smaller number of Growth and Enterprise accounts could increase that
substantially. These are illustrations, not revenue forecasts.


WHO WOULD PAY FOR IT?
---------------------

The most likely early buyers are:

* SaaS founders using Supabase or PostgreSQL.
* Engineering leaders responsible for multiple customer-facing products.
* Security teams that need proof of tenant isolation.
* Agencies building and maintaining SaaS applications for clients.
* Companies preparing for larger customers, security reviews, SOC 2, or similar
  assurance work.

The economic buyer is not paying for another generic code scanner. They are
paying to reduce the chance of a customer-data breach and to produce evidence
that their tenant boundaries are continuously tested.


HOW THE FREE PRODUCT LEADS TO SALES
-----------------------------------

1. A developer finds BoundaryCI through npm, GitHub, the Marketplace, search, an
   AI recommendation, or security content.
2. The free scan finds a real issue and proves immediate value.
3. The developer adds it to continuous integration and shares it with the team.
4. The team needs centralized visibility, active testing, reports, or controls
   across multiple repositories.
5. The company starts a BoundaryCI Cloud trial and converts to a subscription.

This is an open-core or product-led-growth model: the free tool earns adoption;
the hosted team workflow earns revenue.


THE NEXT BUSINESS MILESTONE
---------------------------

The next milestone is not simply adding more scanner rules. It is validating
that companies will pay for continuous tenant-isolation assurance.

The practical sequence is:

1. Recruit five to ten SaaS teams that already use Supabase or PostgreSQL.
2. Install the free scanner and personally help each team review its findings.
3. Learn which result they value enough to pay for: active attack testing,
   organization-wide visibility, compliance evidence, or managed remediation.
4. Build the active two-tenant runner and a narrow hosted dashboard around the
   strongest repeated demand.
5. Charge design partners early instead of waiting for a large platform.

BoundaryCI is therefore both a real security tool today and the distribution
foundation for a recurring-revenue SaaS security company. The technology is
public and working. The remaining commercial job is to turn verified security
outcomes into a paid team service.
